docs(GiniCaptureSDK): (#254)
gini/gini-mobile-ios: CaptureSDK/GiniCaptureSDK/Documentation/source/Migration to version 3.x.x.md

## Analysis screen

> The new analysis screen uses the global UI customization options. You can discard the old screen specificcustomizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new analysis screen uses the global UI customization options. You can discard the old screen specific customizations.
```
